feat: remove dependency on deployment-dir for scale/upgrade (#890)
Azure/aks-engine: docs/topics/scale.md

The `aks-engine scale` command can increase or decrease the number of nodes in an existing agent pool in an `aks-engine` Kubernetes cluster. Nodes will always be added or removed from the end of the agent pool. Nodes will be cordoned and drained before deletion.

> This guide will assume you have a cluster deployed and the apimodel originally used to deploy that cluster is stored at ./apimodel.json. It will also assume there is a node pool named "agentpool1" in your cluster.

Reviewer: should we use `_output/<cluster-name>/apimodel.json` as the example apimodel filepath since that's the default location deploy/generate use?

Reviewer: or `_output/<dnsPrefix>/apimodel.json`

Author: Will do

> This guide will assume you have a cluster deployed and the api model oroginally used to generate that cluster is stored at ./apimodel.json. It will also assume there is a node pool named "agentpool1" in your cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide will assume you have a cluster deployed and the apimodel originally used to deploy that cluster is stored at ./apimodel.json. It will also assume there is a node pool named "agentpool1" in your cluster.
```

Author: I really don't like spelling the phrase api model, I guess..

    --resource-group mycluster  --location westus2 \
    --client-id '<service principal client ID>' \
    --client-secret '<service principal client secret>' \

>     --api-mode  ./apimodel.json --new-node-count 5 \

Reviewer: same typo here

|--subscription-id|yes|The subscription id the cluster is deployed in.|
|--resource-group|yes|The resource group the cluster is deployed in.|
|--location|yes|The location the resource group is in.|

> |--api-model|yes|Relative path to the api model used for generation of the original cluster.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|--api-model|yes|Relative path to the api model used for deploying the cluster to scale.|
```
